# Makefile for Win32
# Copyright (c) Mark J. Kilgard, 1998.

!include <win32.mak>

TOP  = ../..
SRCS = accconvolve.c alphablend.c alphablendnosort.c billboard.c bubble.c bump.c chromakey.c chromakey_fancy.c cloud.c cloudl.c complexity.c csg.c decal.c dissolve.c explode.c fire.c genspheremap.c highlight.c interp.c lightmap.c lightp.c line.c multiaccumaa.c multialphablend.c multialphablendnosort.c multimirror.c multiscreendoor.c multispheremap.c noise.c nthsurfdemo.c paint.c projtex.c sbias.c screendoor.c smoke.c softshadow2.c spectral.c tess.c texgen.c texmovie.c texpage.c textile.c underwater.c usespheremap.c vapor.c volume.c warp.c water.c zcomposite.c

!include "$(TOP)/glutwin32.mak"

# dependencies
accconvolve.exe: texture.obj
billboard.exe: texture.obj
bubble.exe: texture.obj
bump.exe: texture.obj
chromakey.exe: texture.obj
chromakey_fancy.exe: texture.obj
cloud.exe: texture.obj
cloudl.exe: texture.obj
explode.exe: texture.obj
fire.exe: texture.obj sm.obj d.obj
genspheremap.exe: texture.obj
highlight.exe: texture.obj
interp.exe: texture.obj
lightmap.exe: texture.obj
lightp.exe: texture.obj
multispheremap.exe: texture.obj
paint.exe: texture.obj
projtex.exe: texture.obj
sbias.exe: texture.obj
smoke.exe: texture.obj
tess.exe: sphere.obj
texmovie.exe: texture.obj
texpage.exe: texture.obj
textile.exe: texture.obj
underwater.exe: texture.obj
usespheremap.exe: texture.obj
vapor.exe: texture.obj
volume.exe: texture.obj
warp.exe: texture.obj
water.exe: texture.obj
